Oh
step over the office get the bull with a
women that's all they get after what
they've done it was a matter of Honor
they're paying $1,000 or whatever kills
are two boys and cut up Delilah in a
time when lawmen were killers we are
looking at you English Bob outlaws for
Heroes well I thought that you were dead
hell I even thought I was dead
tell her fan out it was just in Nebraska
oh and a bad reputation you're the one
who killed William Harvey rob that train
over Missouri was as good as gold
my guess is you're calling yourself mr.
William Munny
say what you look no meaner than hell
cold-blooded damn killer
I'd like that in market thousand dollars
reward will nobody's gonna come you tell
her that Spencer rifle huh yeah my
partner you don't go I don't go what's
it come to you three wait
juster we're going on this killin that
don't mean I'm gonna go back to being
the way I was are you really gonna kill
them cowboy like assassins doing Oh a
men of low character bad man or the
farmers savages assassin I guess they
have to come
we all have become to get some legends
will never be forgotten
some wrongs can never be forgiven the
man don't want to get killed
better Klingon out the back Unforgiven